Okay. Got
it. Jerry, do you wanna start us and just explain what's going on?
>> Well, the reason why I asked
Shannon to run this meeting again
is because I've had I had COVID,
and I was treated for it with Paxlovid.
And the Paxlovid did great. And in five days, it was gone, and I was doing well. And all of a sudden, I got slammed again
with a cough that I the likes of which I've never seen in my entire
of life on Earth.
And,
I I didn't stop coughing. I coughed through three nights of sleep. I I didn't sleep at all.
And I I
just can't believe it. Like, today, I went to the,
walk in clinic and I got prescription for prednisone. I said to the the nurse there, I said, I want prednisone. I want something that's gonna knock this out.
So she agreed to give me that, and she gave me an inhaler,
albuterol.
And I also have these little,
pearls. They call them,
I forgot the I forget forgot the first name of the Pearls, and you can take those. And I'm taking another inhaler, an Advair,
which is a steroid. And I'm also taking, the
medication for
the the cough that is,
I forgot what they call it, but I'm I'm trying to get this I'm trying to get this out of me. Okay. But right now, I feel really stonata,
and heaven knows what I would do to this poor meeting.
So I'm I'm I wanna put it in hands that can handle it.
>> Well, let's all rise and say the Pledge of Allegiance and be formed.
>> Pledge of Allegiance, do you apply? To the flag of The United States Of America
and to the republic for which stands.
One nation
>> under God,
indivisible,
with liberty and
justice for all.
I like the the diversity of that. That's
yeah. Okay. Welcome, everyone. And I'm just gonna look along the screen
to ask people,
if they want to comment.
Welcome, Hebrides, Kelly, Matt. Do you wanna make any comment?
Not at this time. Thank you, Shannon. Okay.
Thank you for being here.
Doris, would
you like to make a comment?
Everyone.
Thank you.
>> No.
Erin Boris.
All set. Thank you. Thank you, Erin. Thanks for being here.
Shirley Delmasro.
Nope. No. Thank you. Okay. Thank you.
>> Missus Hopkins.
All set. Thank you.
Thank you.
Brianna Zeri.
No. Thank you. Okay. Thanks, Brianna.
Christina Fraser.
I'm all set. Thank you. Thank you, Christina.
>> And, everyone, we have, a new teacher here in public, so I'd like to welcome Jen McGoldrick.
And, Jen, would you like to make any comments? That
is a good start. Okay.
Okay. Thanks, everyone. So I believe I got everyone,
and we're on to communications.
I'm going to ask that the emails between Eric and I and I apologize.
I did not check if you all were copied on the email. Were you copied?
Okay. Great. Okay. So I'm gonna ask that the email that I sent to Eric
and his two responses be included in the minutes.
I will note for the minutes that we received an email from Eric this morning indicating that the board of selectmen
had approved
town funding for the gating that we've been going back excuse me. The crack ceiling, we've been going back on
for many months now.
The board of selectmen of the quote that came in was about $24,000.
But because they have to contract
with any kind of
paper to come in for a twenty four hour period. They're gonna start off in the upper parking lot and the basketball court,
proceed then to the lower parking lot, and if they have time, proceed to the town hall and then the fire department.
So that's what's gonna happen. The board of selectman approved it last night. And when we get to that part of the minutes, we'll take whatever action you'd want to take. I think Celeste also forwarded the email
Great. From that as well if we wanna Super. Oh, Celeste, we'll include your email also.
I I just forwarded the email that Eric had sent to you and me, this morning just saying that the board of selectmen approved it,
that he signed the contract,
and that he's hopeful,
that it can be done,
you know, this this season, you know, given the the time frame and that they're asking for it to be done on a Saturday.
Thank you for mentioning that. Yeah.
So we'll just include Eric's emails if you were forwarding that. But, yeah, I guess the Craxial,
material, doesn't sound so great, so they're trying to get it done on a Saturday, which I thought was very accommodating.
As Celeste pointed out, Eric's already signed the contract.
So
knock wood,
we will get it done as soon as possible.
Yeah. I'll send that to you. The second communication is we received Chris Bernard's resignation.
It was dated yesterday. I'll make that a part of the record also.
I don't know if it's been sent to our town clerk. That was forwarded from the town clerk. She Thank you very much.
See, I didn't look at forwarded what? Okay. So that was dated October 11. Yeah. So
he is not missing from tonight's meeting.
Okay.
That's all I have for communications. Taylor, anybody else? Valerie, do have any communications? Okay.
Great.
Can we get to approval of the minutes? Do I have any motion with with regard to the regular meeting of 09/13/2023?
I'm gonna do a proof of that as a.
>> Thanks, Steve. Do I have a second? One second. Thank you, Caitlin.
Madam Wardcliff, the only question
I have,
I believe because we need to
signify who voted for what, that we need to include who abstained in the voting. Is that your understanding?
Can you hear me? Yes. I can.
>> I can put that in there in the future. I don't know who abstained from the last votes,
>> but I'm happy to put it in in the future if that's what you would like. Great. I think it needs to be in there. I mean, when it's a a unanimous vote, great. But, otherwise, the record is supposed to reflect exactly who voted for what. And I have
who abstained the last time, so I'll provide you with that information because I have one other amendment.
Great. That's page three.
Okay. That's part of the policy changes we entered into.
Yep. It's very confusing.
One is
believe it's 1,000.
Then we had eleven ten.
Yeah. 1,000,
then eleven ten,
then eleven ten point one
Okay. Eleven twelve.
So if you could just make those changes, and then I'll tell you who abstained
and have
it all set for the record.
>> And then I will just ask going forward
when we take votes if we can verbalize who
abstains
Absolutely.
By name. That way, I can mark that down and make sure that I put that in the minutes. Terrific, Dawn. Thank you. Thank you.
>> Does anybody else have any changes or any discussion?
Okay.
All in favor of
accepting the regular meeting minutes from September 13, say aye. Aye. Aye. Aye.
Okay. That's unanimous, Dawn. So it's six zero zero.
Do I have, motion with regard to the special meeting minutes of October 4?
I'll
>> make a motion to accept the minutes
a special meeting October 4 with an with an amendment, please.
>> Hold on. I might beat you to it, Jerry. Can you second? Is that okay?
Sure. I'll second.
>> Great.
You wanna make sure I'm the secretary instead of the treasurer?
>> Right. I didn't know you were holding all the cash.
Well
>> No. I have a couple of Yeah. I have a couple myself. Go ahead, Steve. Just opened very beginning. It was not a regular board meeting special.
>> Yep. I had already called. Sorry
about that.
And, also, we need to note that Chris Bernard was absent because he was still a member at that time.
Yeah.
Just if you could add in the dollar signs before the 8,700,
I don't think. It's just picky. I know. But On the second page. On the first page too. There's
one here.
Okay.
One
on the second page and then before the 1,000 160,000.
I'm gonna push one all the way down for the 8,700.
Oh, I do have a one word for the that's that's separate from the Okay. Great. Dollar signs. Just keep going on the first page.
I think it says it should say we must get BOF approval annually
instead of approved annually.
And then on the second page and the first and the third thing,
it should say the BOF at their main meeting instead of the main meeting.
Right there. There.
Hey.
That's all I have. Is is in that section. Yes. So Yeah. Were they opened
sorry. Approved to be opened by the BOF at the main meeting
after adoption of policy? I don't know exactly how to say that, but, like, it's very relevant in minutes that they didn't want to open the account until after the board of finance and the board of Education
had agreed on the policy for.
So we don't have a policy.
Correct. So we don't say
after the adoption of a Yeah. Joint policy? I think so. Okay.
Or we could also just say see the minutes of the board of we could just include the board of finance minutes. Right? Include the minutes from Which would be more yeah. I think that would be better. So you don't try to describe it.
See, you know, like, minutes.
Think it was May 24 or whatnot from whatever meeting it was. Yeah.
I would have to go back. Yep. Steve,
>> any other changes? Consistency thing. Now this whole paragraph, we go from s plus pointed out to Steve. We say Kate said.
I mean, I think it needs to be
It should be s loud and s plus c. So it's consistent as to whom we have what comments.
>> Maybe the secretary should do the minutes from now on instead of somebody else, but
thank you for doing them.
That was a busy meeting.
>> And if we can just maybe fix some
and that's the point. After the parentheses is a, period,
like, maybe just an indentation there. So, like, it took me a minute to figure out how that would read. I'll do every 57 if you wanna send me a It makes sense. Word out of reading it. It just it doesn't that there were two questions. Absolutely.
Absolutely.
>> Yeah. My concern is we go to look back at this six months. That's that's why. I mean, summary wise. We I'm reading it, and I understand what we're saying. But it That's why we the road. That's why it would take minutes. Yep.
Celeste or Jerry, do you have anything more?
That's it for me.
>> You're muted, Celeste. Do you have anything more?
I'm good. Okay. Great.
So all in favor of adopting these minutes, say aye.
Aye.
Aye. Aye. 600,
Dawn.
Great. Thanks.
Okay. We're at the opportunity to add the lead agenda items.
I believe,
Valerie, you indicated we might have to do something about preschool. Did you wanna add that to Okay.
Just information. That's great. Okay.
What was that?
Valerie's gonna do it in her superintendent's report. Oh, okay. She alerted me, prior to the meeting, so she's just gonna do it in her report.
I do wanna add,
I don't know that we even need to add it as an agenda item.
If Jerry,
is not able to be at tomorrow's meeting in person,
we just need to talk about I talked with,
Kate Morrissey. I think we could just FaceTime Jerry, but I just wanted to add that in just to make sure it's recognized.
Okay. So we can we put that in with Yeah. It's 7E7E1A.
Yep. Yep.
>> Does anybody else have anything to add or delete?
Okay. Hearing nothing.
Celebrations.
Happy birthday to Jerry. Wish you were here.
>> Thank
you. I wish I were there too. I'd rather be there than here. Okay.
>> And no no offense.
Okay.
We'll eat the cupcakes in your honor, I'll make a delivery.
Anybody else have? Okay. Thank you for doing that. Questions? I
I will just add on. I know it's taken a a couple of months. I apologize to I did wanna formally introduce the board to general.
I apologize that we're in October now. It's taken up. I know some of you have met just to be a hit, but, we're happy to have her here, and she had a great start to.
Thank you very much.
Any other celebrations?
Okay. Chairperson's
oral report.
Jerry and I communicated. He did not have anything that needed to be discussed tonight in his report. The only thing that I'll say is just to note, we're not gonna discuss any new policies
or revisions tonight.
Just in coordinating with Jerry and with Valerie, we felt that the agenda and certainly preparation for tomorrow night was already a full week, so we didn't wanna go on and on in a meeting tonight.
Actually, can I just ask a question on these policies? Oh, yeah. Oh, thank you. Yeah. So I handed out, I had printed up all of the changes that we included last time so they all have a copy of the final policy,
and they're now gonna be updated.
I gave them to Diane who did the printing off. And so they're now gonna be put in the policy manual.
I don't think I haven't confirmed it.
We're just gonna have to pay attention to how quickly it goes on to the website because we wanna make them PDFs, we want it all be consistent. So I don't know how that's gonna proceed.
>> Did you have is that the question you had? The question is, yes. Yeah. Can we get updated and let's
know that these have been updated throughout people that are online. Mhmm. Yep. Multiple policies floating around if other people are done. Well, it says We should make that. Yeah. It says this here, but somebody grabs it off the website, and it says a different date. We we wanna get these updated as soon as possible. I'll coordinate with Diane about that and see
>> how that can happen.
That's all I have,
madam superintendent.
K. I don't have too much.
Let's see. So
as you guys know, Joe Courtney did come for our event that was here, recognizing
the
communities
that received the
grants that went well.
It's led to conversations with other districts, which is fantastic, kind of about moving forward
with some collaboration
on, you know, what kind of made it the grant.
Tomorrow,
I present
the performance matters
forum at the United States Department of Ed and Hartford.
That is on our summer grants. So, as I said, that would be kind of my other PD.
The two PDs that I do that I then share, I'll share with the community
as they see that case, I did just also finish
the statewide teacher of the year. That isn't announced until,
the end of October, October 20. The state will announce it,
but,
it was a great experience as always.
Got a lot of networking feedback for
what I see going on in other districts, which is always great,
able to bring like that.
And as you know, then the other one will be the November conference that most of you guys are gonna attend as well.
Two new things from last month that aren't just new updates.
The bus contract with GACCO
is,
right now, in
the stages of us, you know, kind of renegotiating
that.
We do share that contract with Marlborough, with Hebron, and with Ram.
Each town does have a couple of of differences.
For
example,
in Hebron, they're the only one of us that has unionized
flesh norms.
So there's something to be said for that.
It's going well so far, the negotiations,
but there are different concerns.
You know, one of the entities,
does
have more concerns about making sure that there's the GPS tracker and making sure that parents have access in real time to seeing the route on an app. So we have to talk to them about what they're willing to do, not do,
what the cost point is,
but we do it on some buses instead of all of the buses.
So we also have to look at things like performance bonds,
information,
and what we have to pay for that. So we're still in the process of negotiating with them. The extension would be only five years.
>> That is what we want. In any other potential, or is Daco just gonna decide if that's who we're going? Before we would,
>> as a unit, and yet we're only one units,
before we would do that, we would first look and see, which is where we are now. It's for similar Okay. Got it. Yeah. Evaluating
what they put or could do for us
because
we do know from our counterparts and all the other towns
that
when you are looking to renegotiate right now with the shortage of drivers and shortage,
you know, and long routes and things that
we're not getting responses
as a whole, I mean, districts in general, not us.
And so
that's been really difficult across the state when anybody is negotiating. So I will update you as soon as we know where we're going with it, because once they do give us what the superintendents
see as a potential proposal, then it will come to the boards, and we'll say, let's talk about this. This is really.
So and we are the smallest entity.
So I
tend, obviously,
you know, to to do express what we're in terms of making that decision to do contract with them.
The other new thing, which is a good problem to have in a lot of ways, is we have lots more handover children and
small ones. And so,
you know, I think might have thought I was crazy when I set my goal, and that was for for hopefully, by the beginning of next year for us to be back up with two twenty five kids,
and we're getting there.
But what we were pleasantly surprised to find out was that through birth to three, they're the ones that were notified us as to when children's birthdays are, that we'll be getting
some more preschoolers
that'll be coming in during the course of the year. And that's wonderful. The downside
to that for us right now is we're at that line where we can't take them all to existing rooms that we have.
And so Taylor and I started to talk about,
what we do because we have a cap,
obviously.
You know, Oisee and Nyak. We have a cap with how many kids we can have in that moment. So we definitely know that we need some plan. And at first, when we thought we were talking about maybe two or three kids,
we thought, well, we could always go the route that Marlowe has, which is,
to have kids, those children come in and and receive just half day services.
And as we talked about that and really started to realize, you know, is that in the best interest of those kids to only offer them half day and other two programs are driving and flourishing and doing well?
And they
are.
These are.
So, you know, we kinda scratched that. So let's see where we're going with that. Where we are right now is
to look at
an all day program and see if we can fill it with
because remember, it's not in our budget. It is completely funded by school readiness, by Smart Start, by tuition.
So
that's the is that we don't have to do anything right now budgetarily with that. But then for us to look and see if
and this is where we kinda held our breath for a little bit till today, and we're like, okay. Now we can let that breath out.
We didn't know. If we opened up a whole third room or even put out an advertisement for it if we'd be able to fill a third full room. It looks like if we go that route, that we would be able to because
there are
20 kids on a waiting list in New York. I I was gonna say I Yep. Fresh, like, kids. Went. There were a lot of people in Hebron that, like, didn't get into a preschool program. And remember remember that we have all talked about this, you know, the potential for next year with the kindergarten change
that,
a lot of those kids, you know, they're on a waiting list this year.
There's gonna be even more kids on that waiting list next year.
So,
you know, we are now a 100% confident that we're gonna be getting
kids,
you know, to fill those spots.
And so
then we said, well, okay. What if it winds up really tight financially with because, you know, we are also the cheapest of the rates for full time. We're way cheaper than is.
And so we're like, okay. You know, will it still sustain itself with that third room? We think it will because
what we're talking about then is
if we went let's say, we went half day and only met this the mandated legal requirements for service hours, children that need special education services, children
that need
speech.
And we said, we're just gonna do half way like Marble does, which is gonna where the maids for their services. You don't have to hire a half way teacher to come in. And then you're doing it with zero tuition because
if you bring them in just for their services for a half day, there is no tuition. It's free for services. Right. It's free for services. So then we would have no ability to say, okay. How are we gonna make this self sufficient? So that definitely
would have been something that would have taxed our
regular general fund. We'll we'll keep her and share with you guys who's on their wait. Like, are you allowed to reach out directly to those? So it's why I talked to you yesterday, and she's gonna send her a flyer. Okay.
That I mean, that would be awesome. It's yeah. Maybe she's Right.
In just forty eight hours of us looking and seeing and Taylor made some falls to our local handover families,
especially those families that
kind of indicated at the beginning perhaps, oh, I'll wait another year. She's reached back out to them, and they said, oh, yeah. Sure. That's what we answer. So
you know? And
so maybe she should fall just before nap time every day and catch up where they're like, absolutely. You can have my time. So it isn't something that we can do tomorrow, obviously.
It's, you know, something that we would have to look into it next month.
But she's also put out, you know,
anticipated
who would be interested for a teacher because that's the other thing. At least in that. So then Yes. Is there enough in the pool that would be called? Because I don't wanna just fill it with whoever you can find based off of the And that that was that we have. That was the other factor in us saying, should we try to do a half day or a full day? It's,
you know, not that anybody
not qualified would put in for a half day, but to have somebody leave a potential position that they're in now to come here, they're not gonna do it for half day. Yep. So then we would be getting someone that you want to be. Right. Yeah. So if we want the 18, which we have the 18 here. We know that. If
we want the 18, we have to make that, you know so we've been working with Jenny who's the interventionist,
in preschool now. We've been working with,
you know, having conversations with the staff that would be involved in this and and seeing to make sure. So,
you know, that is on the horizon.
You know? Need to hire parents also? So, no, actually, we wouldn't.
Because
once we kinda realized we're kinda stuck between a rock and a hard place and have to go full time instead of part time then,
what happens then is the,
there is
for other purposes,
for for specific needs within the rooms,
there is a pair of obviously, in each preschool. But then there is a pair right now that floats between them,
for specific needs. And
if there is a slight shift
because we have a third one that's open and full,
that third person could wind up working in there.
So we we don't have to worry about that. So it's been a lot of time and effort for us to figure out how do we do this,
and we've been pleasantly surprised that,
a fair number of the
the Andover families who said, no. Thanks. I'll wait till next year have now expressed interest if we're going to have a third one.
So,
you know, I think it's it's great,
and, you know, it allows us, to to keep our, you know, high quality program and service those students that we found out, you know, would be public. The other good news is with those, birth to three students because of their birthdays,
they're not all coming in event. So,
you know, there's, like, November birthday, December birthday, January birthday. So it's not this onslaught
of, you know, new little ones coming in that have never been here before. Like, the first day of school would be with preschool. So that would be really, really good opportunity too, and that would allow Taylor and Jenny work with whoever the new person is that's in there as a paraprofessional
to be able to kind of you know? Because it's hard. It's like a new kid. You know? So
so that's where we are with that. Two questions. Yep.
How many kids would you consider a full pre K third classroom?
You can't go over 18.
When
we have 18 in there,
that's a full room.
Because remember, we have
almost three three year olds, four year olds, and almost five. You're at 17 and 17 right now? We do. Right now, we're at 17 and 17. So you could have two kids? Yeah. Well I was just asking because I heard 20 on the waiting list in Yebrin, and I was like, wait a minute. You know, it's astounding. Right? With our we talked about those. They come in, but they're most often that we are in Turkey now. So being around that 15 to six point mark, doesn't sound like a big shift. It's a lot fifteen 17, but
but you went to your office three months before you did it. You know? Depending on the.
And to get that call, if you have two rooms of 18 and you get a call from rooms of three that says you have one coming Where where Where you put?
Yeah. You're off. You have to leave space. Right? You have to.
That's why that's So I cap at seventeen instead of eighteen so that there's one opening a little lower. For when we have something that lives in or yeah. Yeah.
So so it's a good cup to have.
So how many how many kids from birth to three do you guys have that need to enter during the first Five. Five.
Okay. That that we've been made aware. Okay.
I just have I have a quick question. Or can we and I know you you have to hire a new teacher, correct, for this? Yes. So I'm just curious if we could reach out to any of those student teachers that we had that graduated.
I don't know if they would be interested or if they've already gotten jobs.
So
Mhmm. One student teacher from last year,
already got a job. I don't know.
>> So I Oh, she's at missus Pike. She's in Scotland. Yep. Missus Pike's in Scotland. Thanks.
>> So, and then the other thing is,
unlike,
the regular elementary cert,
like, one six, like I have, they need early childhood.
Okay. Okay. The chances are if they were early childhood, Celeste, the students taught in a preschool or kindergarten,
not in one of the higher grades. So we don't ever get them here. When's the last time we had a preschool
student teacher? There was in preschool, it's been a while. We get sometimes some first grade because that cert is pre K through grade three,
but
we just recently had some more interns. So Right. Student teaching this year. They're a year box. Just a, yeah, just just a suggestion.
Yeah. Are there any other Lahorean teachers that have that certification besides
jutting around? There are, but Okay. It's very.
Second question.
When do you anticipate,
being able to get everything together to be able to open the class? Because I heard we have a November
possibility.
Not gonna open a class for just one kid. We can add them to the existing class. But do you have any
No, ma'am. Estimated time? Yeah. I mean, you know, as the hiring takes a role on that. Right? So sometimes
they have to make sure that I remember.
Notice. Notice. And so, you know, we don't have a hard start date yet and those that are enrolling. I just they're bearing with me on that right now. I was just looking for an estimate. But we'll find it November. Sure. They open. Right.
And the hard the hardest part also is making the room. Basically.
You have to logistically move. You have to logistically move. And Okay. By, you know,
all of the school readiness rules and all the OEC rules, that room has to look the way the other two rooms look. And so that's gonna be a challenge, Taylor. Taylor's more worried about that. I'm like, I've done 23 times in my lifetime. It's
a that
>> you guys will hire the right person and be able to figure out that side of it. It's gonna be cost neutral is what you still believe, or No. What is gonna be the cost of the work? Right
>> now,
we're saying we're anticipating it to be cost neutral.
The only
difficulty,
and that would be should that happen,
we would wind up having to come back later on, and I'll tell you why. We would have to come back later on if it we get closer to the end of the year, we realize it's not cost neutral.
And since this wasn't
preschool is not in our budget because it takes care of itself. Yeah. So if we ran into a problem at the end of the year,
this would have to be something then that we would have to come back and say, we wound up x number of dollars short
and wind up having to go to 2%. I'm not saying that because this was unforeseen.
Expense. 100%, but I wanna know, like I I don't wanna find that out with you. Well, but here Steve, here's the reason why we couldn't answer that question now. As you know
>> I know we got tuition, but what would be the worst case scenario once
>> So that's what we are looking at in terms of that because
because tuition is not a set figure for
every family.
Right.
That
could be so
we sat down and kind of looked at this is this scenario. This is this scenario. This is this scenario.
And the best case scenario is it will be crusty.
>> Because remember, the other component I love best case scenario, but I don't plan on working with it. If you can do this for me, let me ask. I remember looking at East. What's that? It's risky. Yeah.
It's smart. Wouldn't you guys are gonna have to do.
But
presentable both
worst case. This is what the cost is gonna be. This is what we need to think what should be. And, also, in that
this is what it would have be if we were to go to Maroma,
which would have mean there'd be zero tuition on a half day because I I think to me, that's the magic number if regardless of what it costs,
it's gonna probably likely be less than what it would cost us to hire a half day person with zero tuition. But but just having that laid out. Having that laid out. So we'll be able to we'll be able to give you almost definitive numbers
>> as soon as those applications are complete for the students. Yeah.
>> Perfect. And that that's so now we're in December,
and we have a pretty good idea if we're gonna be over, not, like I said, in June going We'll actually know in December.
>> We'll know in December because we'll know what the
pay scale was for the person that was hired. So what the expenditure is for them. Better. And we'll know what tuition rate. Which is Right. So that's why right now we went this way or this way, but we'll have definitive numbers by December. Mhmm.
And so
that's And I and I think just like Steve mentioned in terms of comparing the two models, it
doesn't change what what we're doing for the school and what you guys are making decision wise, but I think it would be a good idea to have that laid out with that. So Right. These are our minimal just
>> we've done that previously when promoting the program. One of the reasons we looked at the program is we've looked at the minimum requirements from birth to three and whatever title Yep. The services
we have to provide.
We end up being cheaper or more cost effective to provide better service. So it's kinda Right. No brainer. Right. And that's that's where we wound up with that. So Yeah.
Just wanna make sure we we can document that, put the numbers in. I have zero doubt in the administration here to put together to find a great person. And We'll have the academic numbers in December for you. Perfect.
>> You know?
It's exciting. It's exciting. It is. I mean, you know, to have that many little ones here is is is is really exciting. You know? And it affirms the reason we created the the three k in. So that would be two
eleven.
>> Well, actually, two two zero six is what you're reporting, but two new ones start on Monday, so that'll be two zero eight, and then our additional three.
That's two zero eight plus.
At least 5. That whole five. Right. 15. Right. And you really when we go report,
>> anyone who isn't looking at it at early minutes, we go back to 2018.
>> We're already at the highest number. Yep. Yep. Report. Yep. Yes. When I started 2020,
on the day I started, we had a 171
year old. Yep. Yep. So we're,
you know, I mean, we're creepy.
We can't hit 02/20, know, you beginning of twelve. You know, like, we're we're That'd be terrific. Yeah. And we've yeah. There's no house.
But we do. We do not. Shoppers. Yes. Because
>> we've gotten a couple, you know,
with three or four kids and more.
Very
>> excited about it too is, you know, when you get this kid in earlier,
you're able to identify needs earlier.
And when you think about long term Uh-huh. Like, it saves so much time, so much money long term when you identify those needs. I don't have that early. It's
it's, like, really
>> anything more? Nope. That's it. Does anybody have any questions of
Valerie?
K.
Taylor.
My turn. So just a couple things to update.
We did have I know I Black community said we would have our back to school event, and we got it. And it was a great success. We went a little different this year. We went with a giant bounce house and then slide. And,
you know, we we live and we learn, but I think the kids had a great time. And once we kinda got organized, it was a it was a good success. Our book fair did very well.
So we thanked VTA for that and their support.
And,
really just we've had a great turnout of having the,
I call them vendors. I guess we can't call them that. The the table, the the people. PTA,
the fire department, all in the gym. I know they were pleased to get a little bit more traffic, and that was nice just to get families
involved. So that was a great event.
Krista Caravoni, our reading teacher, and myself are gonna be starting a ten day professional development
that is part of one of the grants that we received as the Right to Main grant as we continue in our science reading journey.
It's a state it's kind of a it is a requirement of that grant. Is kind of. It is a requirement of the.
They wanted to see both of them. But we Valerie's attention to the state, but we haven't had it. So
they they nicely allowed the two of us to attend it, both of, like, our whole staff.
But so it it's ten days throughout the year. We're, you know,
looking forward to seeing what the state has to offer us in that in that capacity. So we'll be starting that, and then the certain good information I'll share with you. We're still waiting on our way where they now That's what I was anticipate
in December.
Pretend they make a new date, you know, it's hard to say. Of it. Correct. But, hopefully, this grant will obviously, once we hear on our waiver, help to make this supplement the right decision to make.
So we'll be starting that.
I Christina Brager, and I have the privilege of the first going to our first council meeting that has started this year between
Graham, Beaver, Andover, Marlborough. So this is a new initiative we focused a lot. Last year, we did meet it it was called the Innovation Council and focused a lot on STEM, which was great.
But the region felt like a more purposeful connection and conversation
around curriculum was more warranted at this time. So we began that work, and we're starting with
looking at the sixth grade math transition
and math that we all like transitioned from six to seven. We had to start somewhere. So that's some work we'll be doing in the coming months. And then, certainly,
I brought up it as the end of our representative of talking more about collaboration with people because I I just feel strongly with the small district. We we sometimes in this outline, we have opportunities since there is a cost. And so if you can share some of that in our teachers who, you know, might have a fourth teacher who took it alone here in Hanford. Okay. Or on a team, you know, with lots of fourth grade teachers and opportunity to network. So that that will be a priority that I bring to that group. And and,
like I said, Christina will join me as their as
well.
And then last, we already mentioned, I just wanted to bring to light that our two zero six here is actually two zero eight as of today, and it was.
Questions?
Just one question for a comment.
Next year for the back to school, is it possible that you guys could defer with the other schools in the Grand District to not have things be at the same time? Yes. We did with the middle school, and we overlooked the high school, and we apologized for that.
I think I just
in my mind, the middle school and high school seem to go the same, and I forget if they're not. Yeah. So, yes, we No. I'm sure it didn't affect very many people. But But the view it does, we do
Yeah. We did apologize, yeah, for
getting the grand high school.
And just for, being patient,
are there any things to add to the calendar
out front? I mean, because we're back at September 26 with the most recent thing. Yes. PTA, we just met last week. Well, that's PTA response point. Okay. We got well, we worked together. So we did I can't even remember now, so we did decide what we're putting out there. Great. It's one of the PTA members who's doing that.
Yeah.
Absolutely. And who was part of the curriculum council?
So it is the superintendent.
And then
Millwork Townsend. Oh, sorry.
Oh, she's definitely the four of us.
Yeah. Great.
High school and middle school, like, separate. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Which was nice. I don't normally, we we drafted the high school. It's like a good school. Another perspective. Just like that, the graduate work that we started this year too in and
bringing that down. So we're very mindful of our watching
to see how that works at the elementary level, and we'll kinda share that community as well. So not just I should add that math and reading, science, social studies, but it's also that
kind of social emotional piece and all
the other intangibles how we're.
There were a couple of other
committees
between us that we just sunset
that just weren't
really
appropriate to elementary middle and high school. Mhmm. And so getting rid of some of those groups, those meetings,
we now have this one big one down. That's good. So the other ones were not really all that productive.
So
any questions at the other?
Alright.
We don't have Terry here tonight for the financial report, but I imagine she
shared
>> something with Valerie. You guys have any questions? If we have any questions. Okay. We're good. Forgive me if this is gonna ask you for, but looking specifically under the
object
one zero nine.
>> And I think there are couple others. And specifically,
how we have a 2260
adopted
for exactly 100% use when we.
>> I'm sorry. Where are we working for? One zero nine. Summer school.
Yes.
That's because she
needed to wait for the reimbursement
from
the.
In other words,
you know how you guys I I think we talked about this. So
the the difference the difference between our grants from last year on now through is you have to pay for stuff, and then they give you the money back.
And so
there was no other place for her to put our summer expenses
that so, you know, we had the grant that we did with. Mhmm. If
there were people
that were utilized
during the course of that summer that needs to be paid over the summer from us and that pool, for example,
if we had
a student with a need
that participated
in that grant program
and they required,
anything
extra,
that I'm trying to be careful. Anything ex for extra,
we had to pay for that. So it so it's just put in there because Yes. That's why it's fine. It'll go away when the grant comes? But
>> Don't tell the grant comes. Shouldn't that be at 300?
Like, percentage. Yeah.
>> What do you mean? Where it says percent use is 100%.
>> So I think no.
Because it wasn't the reason why she's leaving it at a 100 is because
it was
an expense
that never appeared in our budget,
won't appear in our budget once that reimbursement comes in, but it had to go someplace,
if that makes sense. Yeah. And the reason, Steve,
that I'm being very careful not to give information about the required.
But if it doesn't appear someplace there at the end of the year when we do our expenditure
reports for, like, EFS or excess cost,
she has no way to reference it. Do you know what I mean? Mhmm. It has to be an expense that she then can reference with, like, a purchase order
to show that it was an excess cost expense
is my understanding as to why she hadn't do this.
And that money has already been approved
by the state, and that check will be in if it's not in already, but membership obligation this week. I don't know if it actually arrived yet, but they have approved all of our expenditures.
So that $42,000
check that covered all of the expenses and our reimbursements for the full expenses that they paid
will be put in there. So this will be fixed next month. But I'm gonna put a note in here so that when she is back next week, I'll have her personally address this next month. Okay? Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna I Yep. I figured that the percent used was, like, an auto
calculation.
No. It can go negative. No. It can go above. If you can look at the next page, the right.
Auto calculations. Yeah. No. If you look at the formula, it says a 120.
So that's negative in the administrative service or yeah.
So it will go above a 100. Oh, on the on the two page document.
I think that's where you should So it goes
>> that balance column.
You've got balance column under under one zero nine. Under one zero nine. It's at the table.
>> So so that what's the other that went over? I think that's that's an auto calculation there, which is why that percentage is over a 100%. Which which makes sense. And I guess my question is why didn't that I would have assumed if our adoption They went 60. 6440%
used would have been about 300%,
and that balance should have said negative
>> four one. Yeah. Yeah. Thousand. Right. And No. It's not a question.
It's nice to see it encumbered, though. Like It it varies. Really nice to see that. Especially because and, I mean, I hate to
>> do this, but, you know, it's October. That means I have to meet in November.
We're two months away from starting.
Yeah.
>> So, Steve, to your point about one
one
other one that I know you guys didn't pass on, but I'm gonna point it out now while I remember is
speech.
If you look at speech,
I'm gonna find this.
On the detail?
>> And I know that was
in the under, I think, object 320. Right?
One second. Or is it 3141
>> sec.
Psych is Is it under physical therapy? I see. I think again when I was looking for it the first time. I had speech.
It was three twenty. The speech is on the very first page.
Speech teacher.
Oh, that's
Fourth down? Yeah. On the very top? Yeah.
Those 53.
Okay. What's the other? 1011200.
1.
That. No. 28158.
That's speech teacher. That that's not speech teacher.
That's what it says. I know. There's another one that writes someone.
That's very confusing.
And
it was I mean, it's something weird about that. Yeah. Hold on. And what's the weird balance? Because we can order Services special ed.
Yeah. Because there there's other special ed, like No. Yeah.
Under 320.
Oh,
speech supplies.
610-2150.
Ah, there we go. You see how that one
is at 01:10?
Yep. And even though it's not a lot,
keep one thing in mind with speech teacher and supplies.
That one will run up and down because we bill half of everything
to Scotland
because we share a speech teacher.
So do you know what I'm saying? So if we if if that one goes up and down during the course of the year, that would be why because she literally takes everything. Like, it goes there, then it goes away. Yes. So As soon as we get the money back.
And she's billing every,
>> two months because she doesn't So that's why it's adopting two fifty. It's spending 900
almost. Correct.
>> So if there was a program that she needs to use to do her speech services, her speech teacher,
>> she bought it and billed half to the other district. Yep. Oh, they got pointed me out pointed it out to me, and the $80 was the No. But because
>> no. But it's
at $1.10 all these days. It's being.
No. But because you're gonna see it in the salary for her every month too. One month So
this month, it says only 17%
used and then past month extended.
Right. But then next month, you may see it'll say 40%
because we haven't received the money. So that was the one I wanted to remember to point out is that one will go back and forth because we bill half the card to the other day. Okay. So
okay.
Any more financial issues?
Terrific.
We're on to items for discussion. And, Caitlin, I'll let you quickly get away with the update on the joint meeting tomorrow.
So
we are having a joint meeting tomorrow with the board of Selectmen and the board of finance. It's gonna be in the community.
It
is supposed to be an in person meeting.
We didn't really set up for there to be a remote component
to it because we wanted people to come in person.
I I did
let someone else know today that Jerry was not feeling well and asked about that.
Paula may reach out to you tomorrow regarding technology and, like, use of the Outlook board meeting. I believe they have. They have their own now. They do, but
I'm happy to run anything. I
just Oh, wait. Are you gonna be there? Yes. I would say that. I just would like to go slightly. Yeah. That was Just so I can go.
So I I did touch base with her on that today specifically because, like, Jerry would like to be there. Yeah. However Yeah. As opposed to, oh, I just wanna be, you know, on Zoom with no one see. Like, that was we were trying to have it be an in person meeting for that reason.
But so far from what I know, four people from the board of select or board of finance will be there, and I believe all of the board of select them.
Great.
And how many of have cholesterol come with going?
I think all of us. People will be waiting for the fall Okay. Which is important.
Blessing. You go to It's important. I'm not joking.
So do you want me to use my regular board medley for Jerry?
Like, for the meds at March. Let me ask Paula. They're and I'll They're supposed to take care of it. So when I talked to Kate Morrissey this afternoon
after Jerry had reported that he might not be able to make it in person Yeah. She said, well, we don't wanna change the agenda to add
a link. Yeah. Yeah. That was But if necessary, we'll accommodate, and you may have to do FaceTime, or you may have to do it over the speaker on your cell phone. But if we could do it soon, it be great. Any chance.
So for me to use MyLink. It's a fun demo for it. Of course, it's Zoom. Okay. Just so we have So let me I'll touch base with her. If they wanna do that, it's just I have to
Yeah. Administerous. Yeah. Yep. But I'm pulling that. I'll bring his. Yeah. And then Kate Kate, you wrote out the packet for that meeting. So, hopefully, everyone can still look through that fire thing.
My hope is to kind of move forward on a collaborative
way.
So I'm hoping that people can bring
things to discuss that don't just start
>> a fight. Oh, I don't have my whistle on it. Okay? That's what happened.
Oh,
>> do you know who the moderator is gonna be? So we were going to vote for the moderator.
That's, like, the first thing on the agenda for the meeting. So I'll open the meeting, and then we'll vote for a moderator. There are a few people who were asked to come, Bob Hamburger and Jed Larson, and both of them, I believe or Jed has definitely confirmed that he will be there. Terrific.
So That's great. Thank you very much for doing that. I know it's been a lot of work, and it's really important.
And we'll be on our best behavior.
Well,
he's not interested.
Just know that just so that you guys are all aware as well, that town's attorney will be there, and then we should have a representative from.
Great.
Okay. So
just as far as the recap on that, I understand there's gonna be coordination for Taylor's Zoom account. Kate, are you gonna deal with her about it or or Kate Morrissey? Okay. Great.
Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
You know, just so.
Yeah.
So that takes care of
also 71 a, because I just wanted to make sure that,
Jerry, if he's unable to attend, would be accommodated. We've already done that. So that's terrific.
We hope you can be there in person, Jerry, without coughing, though.
>> I
just like to say thank you for
arranging that. It it's very difficult for me to sit on the sidelines or
not be present, and I really appreciate the efforts that have been made.
>> You know that if there's any way I can be there, I will.
But I've been coughing, and I don't think I'm glad I I could mute myself and you not listen to my coughing.
>> I'm very, very self conscious of that,
and I don't wanna subject people to that
grueling cough.
So thank you for taking care of me. I appreciate it.
>> Okay.
The update on the upper level parking lot paving project.
Is there anything more that
well, as far as what we need to do,
we put on hold last time what we're gonna do with the check.
So we might wanna address that.
And given that the town is otherwise paying for it now I
did mention to Eric. He actually called. So what happened? Let's just go with that. I sent my email on Thursday as I promised I would do.
I sent it, and then Eric called me on Friday morning and subsequently sent an email
confirming our conversation.
He told me that, no kidding, they had received a quote as of 6PM on Wednesday,
and I joked and said, well, why didn't you let us know by 07:00 on Wednesday for our board meeting, but in any event.
So it was exactly what I explained. Upper parking lot, basketball court,
lower parking lot, town hall, and fire department as far as the priority for the crack ceiling.
So
I do need to address to check. Yeah. I think that we should wait until after the joint meeting, and I think we should adopt policy for the account that needs to be approved prior to doing anything with it. I I don't think waiting another
>> day or week is Yeah. We're literally I I think
I think it makes sense. I mean, we just mentioned that we're gonna have a 30. So hopefully, we can meet tomorrow with better understanding of the process moving forward. So Okay. I would
second that.
>> So
is your anticipation, Kate, that we're gonna do
a policy tomorrow at the meeting with the board of finance? I don't know where it needs to sign who's writing that. Okay. Let's leave with an understanding. Like, leave with a plan.
Yeah. Great.
>> And then we can adopt whatever policy board then needs to adopt or what have you, but at least understand
That once there's a policy conversation,
this is how everyone's going to be in agreement. So Great. When we do something, it follows the process, and there's no excuse for anyone to not
Yeah. Get you into that process. We've already agreed.
>> So
just do it. Yeah. That's great.
I mean, as far as I know, if we're talking about the new capital accounts based on what the BOF said at their May meeting, we're talking about a policy that would be between the Board of Ed and the Board of Finance Right. If we decided to do that. Yeah.
And then we gotta I think we can try to take some of the language from the 2% nonlapsing account and make it similar to that.
As far as us putting the money in, I guess, with the 2%,
not that we're gonna offer all this, but just as thought process,
We have to get the board of finance's approval to put money in the 2%.
But, again, we're doing it for capital expenditures, which I think is really helpful. So Eric did write a rough draft of that Okay.
Because he was asked to by the board of finance Okay. Which is in the meeting packet for tomorrow. Yes. I saw it. Yep. It is a it is a draft that is for the 2% and the
the capital account, like, as one policy. I I personally don't think they should be No. They should. Together at all. Well, one is by law. And Yeah. Yep. So so I think I mean, that's issue number one. But but, really, I think the goal for tomorrow is to identify, like, who's writing those. K. And then we need to get Because I think we
>> need to have a better definition and understanding of what we consider a capital project currently.
Right. And I think it's near over there, but also how we want to. I I've said this kind of for a while.
Like, I personally like to see triggers I mean, we go to RFK and triggers on when you know, if we're gonna expend a $120,000,
I don't wanna hear that it needs somebody, you know,
Like, I wanna know that we went through a process and, you know, and there should be,
you know, criteria
that outlines when a project meets these requirements.
What makes those criteria? When it hits these triggers, then it goes through here, or we do utilize the CIP process because
it gets What if I'm subject to CIP? Well, that I have seen We are not at all. So I understand. Yeah. That doesn't mean we may not wanna use it. Like, we also don't have anybody with a maintenance background that we employ because of their maintenance background.
So utilizing
the town's resources in those regard,
yeah, we we don't hire anyone who does pay. That's not what we open. We interviewed a superintendent. We didn't I didn't ask her how how many parking lots she pay because it wasn't important to me and hire a superintendent.
>> That would be really cool if you had done that. So
>> I mean, the resources of public works or being able to utilize that, I think, actually helps us. And so defining when we wanna answer the process is something internally I think we need to do.
>> So my my only question, which I wanna put out there, is that
are we comfortable as a board
having a
check
written
sitting there in limbo.
Are we comfortable with that sitting there with really
no
receipt,
no paid bill,
invoice,
no purchase order?
From a financial
point of view,
that's an extremely
thing to have. You just have a check sitting there without any type of documentary evidence.
>> There's a lot of document evidence that goes with that. So for multiple meetings. When we talk about expenses,
>> there has to be certain documentary evidence to
financially account for that. Once when outside parties come in independently review our books, and I think we're pretty proud of the fact that we
hold our books in high regard and our books are extremely clean and auditors don't have issues
with what we do.
I get worried that that we're going to ruin that. I think we should take pride in the fact that we are an entity
that that keeps us from the boss. And for me, I think
the money is already encumbered
for that purpose.
So it it will be used on that project. Yeah. But I personally feel uncomfortable from a financial standpoint of not having
the proper standard
documents
that are necessary to substantiate an expense from that financial accounting plan. I just I wanna sit there at the end of the year when those audits are done, be told that your books are.
Like, I I I want the board to be able to say that to the public, and I think that's important for transparency.
And I also think it's important when we look at one of our board of education goals for maintaining
fiscal accountability.
I think it would be very powerful for us to sit there and say that we're really holding strong.
>> And I I would here's
the thing is that check is where it is right now.
And we like, we're talking about twenty four hours and then determining if this pay
the account's there, and that's what we decide to do or you understand.
I I don't see that
you know, I mean, if there's if gonna be an audit problem, then I guess there's already gonna be one that's already there. Right? Well, like, I That's if we close that today. What's gonna be today and the twenty four hours after we've had it? Well, both of our attorneys and the town attorney, everybody may actually come to an agreement as to where this money should be stored between today and tomorrow.
>> I Well, I guess if we're able to take I mean, I guess the question would be I mean, we should talk about this now that we're talking about the joint meeting.
If we as a board, I guess, have a quorum that's present tomorrow, it is a public meeting.
There is an agenda, but like you pointed out in our Yeah. There's a meeting. There are no action items. As possible action. Yep. Yep. Just to around. Yep. Great.
So maybe if the board of education with a quorum decides to take action, we could do that. I just wanna be crystal clear
with regard to the accounts,
just so we talked about the special meeting.
There's
that account has yet to be set up. So if we're talking about depositing that check into what should have been established was in a capital account,
then it's different. It wasn't established because we never wrote the policy. No. No. No. I get that.
Perfect. And, like, hopefully, we're gonna leave with an understanding of who's doing it tomorrow. That's great. And then and then it shouldn't be very hard to open a bag. No. It's very easy. That would be great.
>> Well, Steve, just to add a quick comment on what you said. Like, you know, I understand timeline wise, you know, the day and just, you know, the week. But I think going on principle,
you know, for me at least.
Like, hopefully, yeah. I I I thought before it was a mistake,
and I still wanna just
publicly state, and I still think there's a mistake based upon that that concern being being.
And,
again, I I personally
hold
financial accounts
We're very close, and I think that,
again, we should come to a board that values that and ensures that we're doing it by the folks.
I just I'm uncomfortable with the fact that there's still things that I don't even know what document everyone's was attached
in in Terry's case for her to to write that check, to cut that check. Don't know exactly what she did use
>> in order to generate that sentiment out. I think the only thing she could have used is she was ordered to do that by the board of ed. The written documentation
from the board of ed, the board of finance, the board of soliciting meetings, documents
for them.
But what
I don't know auditing you saying this, but,
typically, Carrie would have had to have, like, a purchase order or contract to say,
this is a check for 122,000.
I'm attaching it to this contract. I understand what you're saying, Pete, which is everybody's talked about it, and everybody has an understanding of what it's supposed to be used for. But as far as
an auditor and as far as a finance manager, they typically don't issue, especially that substantial check without having a contract.
Well, thank you for your concern noted.
And, hopefully, we'll have resolution within
well, maybe not twenty four hours, but at least twenty five or twenty six hours.
Okay. Great.
Anything more on either the joint meeting or the
parking lot?
>> Maybe just for the. I have to go back and look. Projected start date. I know they were looking for that. They're projected start date on the correct thing. No. No.
>> Eric just signed the contract
today.
No. Yesterday or today. As soon as the board's elect yeah. It must have been today. As soon as the board's elect, authorized it and signed it this morning,
and he's waiting to hear back as to the timing because they need to get a Saturday when they're gonna come in and do it. But, obviously, it's been put out there. Can you fill us in? I mean, can you fit us in between projects? It's only twenty four hours.
And,
obviously, we need to get it done now before the winter hits. But in his email, Eric said, actually, it's an ideal time to do it because
the cracks haven't expanded
with the heat or cold or contracted
>> so that it would be a great time to seal it And then on the sealant used. Just because I think the board is would deem it safe. There's nothing we need to do to reopen it once that's complete. Right? Have to once it's done, and I'm assuming
>> You if you deem it safe, I think you can reopen it. Right? Yes. We don't need to take any action. Like, other word, we don't have to say it here. Yeah. As long as it's safe, it's we used to be safe.
Yeah. Open it up. That's it. That's.
>> I hope you're making.
Just Just take away the cold.
Okay.
Liaison reports. I'll just report. We're having a CIP meeting on the October 19. We're finally, I think, gonna have to have a meeting because there is stuff that needs to be addressed,
so that will be occurring. And, again, if anybody would like to
become the liaison for CIP,
just let me know. And now that that dovetails into something I should have mentioned earlier.
After we left here last time, because I didn't know,
I did call our town clerk to ask when the new
terms start, because we have an election on November 7.
I was on the misimpression that our terms will go through the end of the year. She confirmed that new terms, and good luck to everybody,
will start on November 21.
So two weeks after election date the next? No. It'll be after the next meeting.
But it would go before the December meeting. Correct. Yeah. So our next meeting is November 8, and I was gonna mention it during that time. And then two weeks after would be November 21. I looked back at the charter,
and it is somewhat provided for in there because we had to change from May elections to November elections. But, again, I just wanted to be sure with our counselor when those terms were gonna start to see how they would affect our next meeting.
Okay.
Any other liaison reports?
Do you know in terms of with the election stuff, does that do you go up to, like, go to town hall and get whatever before the meeting? Yes. Sworn in again. The words. Sworn in.
I
said b one last one.
Okay.
Samantha.
K.
Comments from the public on agenda items.
Kelly Hagerty.
Any comment, Kelly, on agenda items?
Okay. I'll move on and come back to Kelly.
Doris, any comment on agenda items?
No. Thank you very much. Thank you.
>> Charlene, any comment on agenda items?
Nope. All set. Thank you. Thank you, and thanks for being here. It's your long day of teaching. Welcome. Missus Hopkins, same thing.
All set. Thanks, everyone. Thank you. Breanne, any comments on agenda items?
No. Thank you.
Thank you. Christina Fraser.
All set. Thank you. Terrific. Jenny Morell.
>> Nothing for me, Shannon. Thank you. Thank you, Jenny. Back to Kelly. Kelly, any comments?
You may have said no because it was really quick, Kelly. Was that what you said?
Can't hear you.
Okay.
I'm gonna go on then.
Jen, any comments? You
don't wanna laud us or anything like that?
Probably all want. Yes.
Enough trying to move along to do that. Okay.
Comments.
Any other action items?
Great.
Upcoming meeting is November 8.
I think we don't need any items for our next meeting because we may fill it up with what happens tomorrow night.
>> Yes, sir. That's what I was just looking just to put out their report. So December, we'll need to put it on.
I was just looking to make sure I call it to you when we update it. For the statute, it needs to take place
earlier than one month after the day. In thirty days. Yep. Yeah.
So
>> And I think it is a I don't know. Just to have the discussion, I don't think any of us are pushing it. I
not filling Chris's
>> spot for the next board meeting for two weeks. I don't know. We don't have to. We don't Doesn't make sense. So I just wanna make sure it'll be Well, no. No. No. Because his resignation wasn't put in until October 11. So yeah. So then the thirty days would not be until after our next board meeting at which time the election will have occurred.
And
I just wanna Then then we'd have to put out notice and deliveries.
Yep.
Yep. I hear it would be
early to morning. Also, right. Yeah. And no nobody else can take any action because
we would have been on the thirty days. Right.
At December, we didn't also, which was great. Can I ask you a question? If we have to vote on something before we have a seventh member, what happens if there's a tie? You
discuss it until you hopefully reach an agreement.
An extension
would get rid of the tie. So if somebody wanted to abstain and there's three two on one issue. But otherwise, just like when we re you know, when we elected a new board member, we have to discuss it until we reach agreement or agree to Okay. Pass it to next meeting. Okay.
Yeah. No. That's I think that's a good point. That's
a very good question.
Because that would have happened during our last meeting.
The person hadn't changed the vote. So yeah. Yep.
Celeste,
you ready to do the honors? Ready? Let's do it. Ready? Yep. Ready.
We're gonna make a motion. Motion to adjourn.
At
08:18.
Thank you very much, Celeste and Sophia.
Bye, Tom. Thank you everybody for being here. Good night. And, we hope to see you tomorrow if you wanna see the three boards in action.
It's a